Rank features using SHAP.
There are a couple of classes,
one for each quintile.
So the list returned by shap_values function has one element for each of those classes.
We'll explore how to get the absolute values and then
average of those absolute values for each of the features.
Then, we can put that code into a function.
So remember, here's the formula to aggregate
local feature importances into global feature importances.
First, we can concatenate the 2D arrays in the list shap_values.
So a shap_values as a list of matrices.
If we use numpy.concatenate,
we can see that they're just stacking all the rows on top of each other.
So we still have 21 columns,
but we have five times as many rows.
We can use numpy.absolute value like this.
Then, we can use numpy.nanmean.
If we want to take the average for each column,
we set axis equal to zero.
So for the quiz, please try to implement the function that
calculates global feature importance using Shapley values,
and then sorts the features by importance.
So it's your choice as a challenge,
you can just implement it from scratch.
If you get stuck, then you can also work with the starter code.
When you're done, try out your function and then see how your features are ranked.
Then, you can also check out the solution video.